#  Stock market Data Scrapper from Yahoo Finance

This project scraps the  data of any inpute company listed under stock exchange of user inputed starting and ending date (both should be valid) and download it in csv format. The porject contains another section where about 10,000 companies are listed with their ticker symbol, as user has to enter ticker symbol of company to fetch the data. user can see ticker information by searching in database and then enter the ticker symbol and date to obtain the required data. This data can be used for various purposes , projects and for machine learning model like stock price prediction for various companies.

The Entire demonstration of how this scrapping web application based on streamlit works is  given in webapp_scrapper.mp4 file.

## Data Set

for Ticker information fetching of companies under Ticker information section the dataset availabel on internet is scrapped in json format which is listed in file ticker.json.

## Methodology

The project scraps data from yahoo fianance website with starting and endind data in processed format by removing null values , duplicates etc using yfinance library in python. The ticker information table is generated by porcessing ticker.json.

5. **Inference**: 
      Deployed the model with the help streamlit web application to develop a system for downloading the stock data of any company and watching the ticker symbol of any inputed company.


## Libraries Used


1. **Pandas**: For image manipulation.
2. **NumPy**: For efficient numerical operations.
3. **requests** : for generating http requests for data fetching
4. **yfinance** : for fetching data from yahoo finance.
5. **Streamlit** : for creating gui of the web application.


## How to Use

1. **Clone the Repository**: 
    ```sh
    git clone url_to_this_repository
    ```

2. **Install Dependencies**: 
    ```sh
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

3. **Run the Model**: 
    ```python
    streamlit run app.py
    ```

4. **View Results**: The script will allow you to download the stock price data in customized date range based on input ticker symbol of any company.The script will also allow you to search the ticker symbol among 10,000 company's dataset.